WHAT HAS HAPPENED IN THE PAST
It's time for war.
Help.
It is better to stay hidden.
until he recovers.
You said you didn't love my other mother.
My real mother.
You called him a mistake.
Am I a mistake too?
I always find my way back to you.
I will miss this place.
You were unconscious for almost two months.
Thaedus believes he has won the war.
He believes he is safe
on his planet with his allies.
Thragg returns to Viltrum.
He's gathering his troops there.
If we strike against Thragg now.
before his
the rest of his troops arrive.
we may have a chance to
to end this war forever.
This is the third
Relonians' seepage work this week.
Their species is still
unusually defiant.
although we have done
the superiority of the Viltrumites is clear.
I recommend depopulation
across the planet.
before they continue
disrupting our mining operations.
They are resisting us.
because we are the occupiers...
and we are cruel.
If we control ourselves.
their work
help us achieve our goals.
Their work is useless
without fear and respect.
Destruction serves as a lesson not only for them.
also for the following
misguided species.
Misled?
Don't the people of Viltrum respect the power of...
and the courage to challenge the oppressors?
They mean nothing to us.
The fact that you disagree makes me...
Ruhtinas Thragg.
Emperor Argall.
What do you suggest?
Thaedus. you said.
that the Viltrum people respect power.
That's right. So we respect.
but the power of those creatures
is not real power.
We need to educate them.
not because of their defiance.
but because their weakness offends
the natural order of the universe.
You are young. Prince.
Perhaps you are not yet far-sighted...
Prince Thragg is right.
Reduce the planet's population
by 25%.
If they continue to resist.
destroy them.
Emperor. I beg you
to reconsider.
Really?
Thaedus fought by my side
In the constellation of little Capida.
He was the strongest and most ruthless of us.
but returning after many years
Lay's quadrant...
he has spoken of grace
and questioned our ways.
This is worrying.
If his weaknesses
is. in your opinion. detrimental to the empire.
take action.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Emperor Argall showed us our power.
He taught us our greatness.
He gave us our destiny.
Thanks to him. everything is ours.
Everything is ours.
The traitor has fled.
but he will be found
and he pays for his betrayal.
You can be sure of that.
Even with his death
the Emperor Argall shows us.
that our society is plagued by disease.
It poisons us from the inside.
We will cut out that cancerous tumour.
You. Can you too
betray us one day?
No. Your Highness.
I don't believe you.
In accordance with our customs...
I now rule Viltrum as Grand Duke.
until someone
Argall's heirs are found.
This is my first order of business.
Find the weakness.
that allowed this deception to happen.
and cleanse it from among us.
Yes. it is.
No.
The job is done.
I will not repeat my order.
Okay. Grand Duke.
The blood that flowed in our streets...
has cleansed us.
For you strong people -
your life is its own reward.
But our work is not yet finished.
Even dead...
Argall is still leading us.
We follow him and take our place
as the rightful rulers of the galaxy.
The universe itself is kneeling.
as intended.
Everything is ours.
I betrayed your trust. my Emperor.
but I will not betray the trust of our people.
Not again.
All our intelligence tells us the same.
Thragg has retired to Viltrum
with only a few weaklings.
The rest are on their way.
but they won't arrive for several days.
This is our chance.
A small moment when the prince is unprotected.
The Great Thaedus. Don't misunderstand.
I would gladly kill Thragg
for a million reasons.
but doesn't that still leave more than 40 -
increasingly angry
and vengeance-seeking Viltrumite?
After the assassination of Emperor Argall...
Thragg has been their only leader.
After losing him
they are weak and without purpose.
They start to fight each other.
as they did before.
It will not be easy.
but as long as Thragg is gone.
the others fall one by one.
Thragg could beat
any one of us individually.
but together we have a chance
to end this war forever.
The future of the galaxy depends on us.
and we may not all come back.
But it is worth all the sacrifices
to show the Viltrum Empire...
absolutely and definitively.
that even their
their strong empire is not...
UNWINNABLE
We are going to attack
Thragg.
It's just him and two or three others.
There are eight of us.
Sounds easy. right?
But apparently he has been trained
since birth...
of all time
the strongest viltrumil.
Even my father is afraid to face him.
I don't know. Eve. This feels like...
This feels different.
I still have time now to record a message...
in case something happens. and...
You know what?
You'll never see this. because I love you...
and I'll come back to you.
Unbelievable. You?
I didn't say they were disgusting.
I said I didn't want a taste.
I know. Nobody wants to.
I'll eat anything.
My father calls me a garbage disposal.
I just lose my appetite.
when I'm nervous.
Besides. those things have a face.
So are the rest of the cows.
First. no one over the age of three
call them "muu-cows".
Secondly. they don't have a face then.
when I eat them.
Why everyone is
so nervous about Thragg?
He cannot live up to his reputation.
You have not seen the reports.
What do they say?
That he lives up to his reputation.
We shall see.
You are crazy.
You have to eat something.
Unopalainen is right.
We need to feed ourselves
before the fight.
Later we get to devour
the entrails of our enemies.
Or they ours.
So this may be our last meal?
Great.
If you could eat anything now.
what would you choose?
Burger Martin burger.
Exactly. A triple triplet.
And the fries on the salad list
with all the trimmings.
My father and I always order them.
In fact.
if I really had to choose.
Paul's spaghetti.
He's my mother's boyfriend.
He even makes his own meatballs.
Brain bowl from Galactic Grill.
I already eat mine.
My last meal is
my own blood. in which I choke.
as I draw my last breath...
after facing a superior opponent
in a legendary battle.
That's what makes a tasty meal.
Isn't it?
You seem worried. Nolan.
I am concerned.
You should be too.
This is our best chance in centuries
to end our conflict.
but you're not worried about it.
No. I don't.
Thragg must die.
but the rest of the people of Wiltrum...
You said so yourself.
They are dispersing
and deteriorate without Thragg.
They would still be able to sow
untold death and destruction.
I won't take the slightest risk on that.
that the empire could rise again.
Mark and Oliver are also
are partly from Viltrum.
We are now within range of Viltrum's sensors.
It's time to get ready.
Do we only have ten of these?
You have no idea how difficult it is...
separation of sinlak poison
and refining was.
Quick.
Is Thaedus coming with us?
He must be a million years old... old.
Forget it.
Listen.
How strong you think you are.
Thragg is stronger.
Don't drift apart.
So don't try to fight
against him alone. Oliver.
I'm not trying to.
We stay together.
That's how we will win this.
If something happens.
remember that I...
We know.
I am really annoyed.
if I do not survive.
Is everyone ready?
Follow the plan.
Slip past the sensors...
and explore the planet
as quickly as possible.
You have the information of the Prince
the most likely whereabouts of the prince.
When you find him. call the others.
Remember.
that only the death of Thragg
has any meaning.
What are you waiting for?
Go save the galaxy already.
Are those...
They are.
The assassination of Emperor Argall
and the Great Purge...
our empire expanded rapidly.
when we conquered planets
in honor of the leader we lost.
However. the plague virus soon arrived...
and killed almost all of us.
This was the most suitable of the burial sites.
Every time we leave our homes...
we remembered our weaknesses
and our failures.
Bodies help us to hide.
Guys?
Well. at least now you don't have to look for him.
This does not change anything.
They knew our result.
Irrelevant.
Kill Thragg!
Yes!
Traitor!
Don't you dare come back here!
It would be best if the apple juice worked.
Try this.
Okay. it works.
It really works.
Great. Shoot someone else.
I should have killed
both of you on Thraxa!
Traitor.
You were always weak. Kregg.
Oliver!
What a disappointment.
Your time on Earth has made you soft.
Don't trust it.
More!
Allen. help Thaedus.
What? Damn it!
I'm on my way!
Kill him before another shot is fired.
My weapon is the lesser of your problems.
Now!
Allen!
Save your arrows!
Those things can manage on their own.
Go!
It's been too long. Nolan.
What do you want. Thragg?
Just to talk to an old friend.
Since when are we on speaking terms?
We have always talked.
Some just chose not to listen.
So talk.
Go home. Nolan.
Return home and all will be forgiven.
We don't have a home.
This place is a tomb.
Viltrum is not a tomb.
It is part of us.
We will restore it to the way it was.
as we also restore our people
to their rightful place in the galaxy.
There are barely 40 of us left.
Forty people from Viltrum.
who know you
better than you do.
They have fought alongside you...
and have suffered just like you.
You are no longer my family.
Unlike the man who almost
killed us to extinction. did he?
I know that Thaedus created a plague virus.
Yet you fight alongside him.
He committed genocide
against his own people.
To prevent us from doing the same to others.
You know we only did what was necessary
to maintain order.
Such as. for example
you attacked my boys.
We tested your son.
as we have all been tested.
Do you think Thaedus is
as favourable to them.
if he wins the war?
I see you're not
as naive as I feared.
Ridiculous creatures.
Embarrassing at best.
That's how you think about all species
except yours. Lucan.
You will soon be taught a lesson.
Hang in there.
An external object is repaired.
Thank you.
You're welcome. Keep beating them up.
This hall echoes with
once a thousand voices.
Everyone was united by the knowledge that.
that the universe belonged to Viltrum.
Argall showed it to us.
He showed us our true power.
Thaedus...
Thaedus was a coward.
You know that. don't you?
It doesn't change anything.
When you fight for him.
you fight for your own destruction.
For the destruction of your family.
I will not let him harm my family.
You have already done so.
This is over. Thragg.
The whole galaxy is against us
as one front.
but it doesn't have to
end with our extinction.
Agree to the terms and I'll put an end to this.
whatever Thaedus wants.
Would our Emperor ever agree to the terms?
Look around you. Thragg.
We lost.
Can't you see why all this was ruined?
This is our home.
We will rebuild it.
No.
You don't build.
The death of any Viltrum resident
leaves an empty hole in my heart.
Hey. dickhead! Wormhole was asking for you.
It's looking for the biggest bastard in the universe.
You are not one of us.
Oliver!
No!
That child was unworthy.
He wasn't your real brother.
I killed the Conqueror.
I'll kill you too.
Show me.
I am not impressed.
Zoe!
Quickly.
Out of ammunition.
Damn! I ran out of arrows.
Kill me if you can.
and die if you can't.
so I can find a better opponent.
Animal!
Finally!
No.
Everyone with me. Now.
Forget him. I need you.
What do we do?
Spaceman. take point!
No! Stay with me!
No.
We can't!
Mark. trust me.
Spacedriver. now!
No.
No!
Stay close!
Stay together!
Zoe!
It was the only way to show them the truth.
I know.
Oliver. Where is Oliver?
Viltrumites!
Your world is destroyed!
Surrender is your only option.
No!
I choose death!
Emperor Argall.
your death has been avenged.
It's your turn next. all of you.
Thaedus.
Oh my God.
Allen. find Oliver.
Allen!
Yeah. okay.
I offered you forgiveness!
I offered you an honourable death!
Instead. you destroyed everything!
I killed Thaedus too quickly.
I won't make the same mistake with you!
Okay. I understand.
You are a bit surprised
and angry about what you just said.
Spacedriver!
Allen!
Zoe!
Don't worry. I took care of him.
We have to go!
We can't leave Mark and Nolan.
And where is Oliver?
We cannot help them.
You could have been a Viltrumite.
but you decided not to...
How to -
we beat him?
Mark...
Dad!
What a waste.
Grand Duke. kill him!
They destroyed our homes!
Shut up!
There are too few of us -
already now.
What are your orders. Grand Duke?
Hello.
Hey. buddy. Mark?
Are you awake?
You are.
Well. well. well. Welcome back.
Allen.
For how long?
A couple of weeks.
For a while it looked bad.
You certainly know how to test
the nerves of an unopian.
Where is Oliver? Where is my father?
Dad!
You are alive.
I woke up yesterday.
Oliver...
He'll be fine.
He just needs time to recover.
What happened to Thragg and the others?
What is the last thing you remember?
I was in Thragg's grip.
I thought you were dead.
Why did he spare us?
Good question.
but we have more important things.
What?
Where are they?
That's it.
As you know...
As you know. Thaedus is dead.
The Council asked someone to take the lead.
until a successor can be appointed.
And believe it or not.
the job fell to me.
There is essentially one small problem for me.
The remaining Viltrumites.
Yep.
General Telia?
We explore space sector by sector.
but they have simply disappeared.
It makes everyone nervous.
Hiding is a good sign. isn't it?
The people of Viltrum do not usually want to...
Mark. what is it?
They have gone to Earth.
Subtitles by Tero Vaaja
Creative inspector
Pirkka Valkama